IT’S been a year since Chief Bagcine Mkono from Mchonkco Village, in Ngqeleni died. His body is still lying in a cold mortuary while his two wives are still involved in a bitter legal battle over the right to bury him. At the time of his death, the chief was living with his second wife, Nonzwakazi. Just a day before his funeral last November – the chief’s first wife, Noncedile, contested the legality of the second wife by taking her to court. However, the second wife is refusing to hand over the body, claiming that the chief’s dying wish was to be buried by her. On Wednesday the Mthatha High Court of Appeal dismissed with costs the leave to appeal application by Noncedile. Judges Rob Griffiths and Nozuko Mjali reprimanded Noncedile’s lawyer Advocate Mwelo Nonkonyane for coming to court unprepared. Nonkonyane admitted to not having read the Mthatha’s High Court judgment and order, in it’s entirety, which was delivered on 14 October. Judge Mjali said: “After hearing arguments from the defence, we found no reasonable prospect that another court can find anything different from what we had ruled on. The application for leave to appeal is dismissed with costs.” The judges dismissed the claims that the will was fraudulent. However, some residents left the court disappointed. “Culture dictates that the husband be buried by his first wife. “This woman won’t bury Bagcine in our village. We won’t sit and watch that kind of disrespect,” said one angry gogo. Source : DailySun ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments