Minister of Sport and Recreation Fikile Mbalula has opened up about one of the biggest challenges that he has ever had to face: being embroiled in a mammoth s_ex-scandal. It was widely reported by Sunday papers in 2011 that the minister, a married father of two, had a brief tryst with Joyce Omphemetse Molamu, a North West model, after a function in Houghton. That evening he accompanied Joyce to a Joburg apartment where the first of two alleged se_xual encounters took place, according to reports. After initially denying the affair through his lawyers, Fikile made a dramatic u-turn when he apologised for bedding the model and further accused the woman of trying to extort money from him in return for her silence. Speaking to Anele Mdoda on Real Talk recently, Fikile, once again spoke out about the incident, in which he clarified that Joyce was not his girlfriend at the time. “It is always reported that she is my girlfriend. You know a girlfriend? It is someone who is steady, you go out with, you go to the movies, and even if you cheat, you are always loyal to her. And then you get caught,” he said. He further revealed that his encounter with Joyce was a “one-night stand” and that he still regrets it. “This thing was a one-night stand, and it happened just like that. It so happens that I regret that,” he explained. “And I wanted to defend myself against it, and somebody said to me (ANC secretary-general Gwede Mantashe)…’If you have done something wrong, just admit, and apologise, because you’ve done something wrong. You’re a married man.'” It was only after receiving Gwede’s advice that he decided to own up to his actions and apologise. He claimed he bought his wife a diamond to say sorry. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments