A KZN man got himself into trouble after he caught two teenagers in a compromising position in a bush and forced them to have se_xual intercourse while he recorded the act. Pakoetsang Makatso (40) was arraigned before Durban Magistrate  facing charges of coercing or inducing persons into engaging in se_xual conduct. On 29 July this year, Makatso was strolling through Hawaan Forest around 1.45pm when he noticed the two lovebirds cu_ddling. The se_x pe_rvert is then said to have accused the two of sharing the forbidden fruit at an undesignated area before threatening to effect a citizen’s arrest on the unsuspecting teenagers. Having instilled enough fear in them, Makatso ordered the two credulous teenagers to get back to their ‘original’ position before forking out his mobile phone to record. As a result of intimidation, the girl got on top of the boy and ca_ressed the boy until he got into the mood of indulging in the act. The two then had se_xual intercourse while Makatso recorded. After recording the scene, Makatso vanished and went on to post the video on social media where it went viral. Disturbed by the feat, the girl attempted taking her own life prompting the police to intervene and they quizzed her on the reasons behind the suicide attempt. The girl then poured her heart to police that quickly launched a manhunt for Makatso. He was slapped with four-year jail term for the offence. Source-imzansi ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments