Former US National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden announced this morning that he had “clear evidence” that the 2016 US election was rigged by Russian hackers in favor of Donald Trump. “I have received confirmation through Guccifer 2.0 that malware was used in the electronic voting machines that lead to the victory of Donald Trump” Snowden told an internet conference in Berlin, speaking via a video link from Russia, where he has been living as a fugitive. “ We aren’t surprised that the elections were rigged. Instead, we are surprised that they were rigged in favor of Donald Trump ”  Surprisingly enough, Edward Snowden honestly admits that voter fraud is common in every election and in every part of the world. “Democracy is a beautiful illusion and the power brokers of the world are intent in keeping our faith in this system alive. It is why it is important to keep the belief of a truly democratic system, when in fact, we are being ruled by the 1% of this world,” he bluntly said during the one hour and a half video conference. “The truth is that sometimes the people actually get who they actually voted for, if the establishment has decided they approve of that choice. Voter manipulation is a combination of the coercion of the major media groups and electronic voting fraud,” he explained. The former NSA contractor claims the election fraud was done by tampering with the software of voting machines to add malicious code altering vote totals to favor a particular candidate. “When you see that the election is divided 51/49, it just clearly shows the election results are biased. Statistically talking, it is impossible to have such a tight election with over 100 million voters. The malware’s algorithm secretly rigs an election to sway the result 51/49 to a specified side, it is clearly a divide and conquer strategy to create the illusion of a division within the population, and this algorithm has pretty much been used around the world in every election for the past 20 years or so,” he explained. “What is most surprising about this election, according to my information, is that the electronic voting machines were clearly rigged in Hillary Clinton’s favor, but Russian hackers cunningly used this to their advantage and inverted the process towards Donald Trump in the last moments leading to his election,” he added. Academics Against Voter Fraud (AAVF), an independent organization that surveys electronic voting machine data, presented findings showing that in Wisconsin, Clinton received 7 percent fewer votes in counties that relied on electronic-voting machines compared with counties that used optical scanners and paper ballots. Based on this statistical analysis, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes; she lost Wisconsin by 27,000. The independent organization also found 720 dead people in the state of Wisconsin alone that were officially registered voters, although all votes were found to have gone towards the Democratic party nominee. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 1 comments