Mangosuthu University of Technology in Umlazi, Durban, is in the news for unpleasant reasons again as le_sbian records involving students of the university recently emerged on the campus. Some of the students involved are those of Engineering and Chemistry departments. The two popular students in one of the videos revealed how deep the culture of L_esbianism had infiltrated the female hostels. Already, one of the students is considering leaving the school to avoid possible stigmatization as the videos have gone viral. A female student in the Faculty of Natural Sciences who craved anonymity, told LiveMonitor that Les_bianism was becoming a big issue in the university. She said young, fresh undergraduates were lured into the immoral club as many of them do not know what was in it before joining the le_sbian ring. “Mangosuthu is fast becoming the comfort zone for le_sbians. Many freshers are lured into the ring because they don’t even know what it is all about. “What they do now is to relocate off-campus in order to enjoy the privacy needed for their illicit and immoral act. Once in it, it is so difficult to renounce because les_bians share a lot of gifts to keep victims in it. “The authorities of this school may need to take drastic steps to restore the moral integrity and discipline for which we were known,” she said. When LiveMonitor got in contact with one of the lesbians, she said she was lured into Les_bianism in her first week on campus by a very wealthy student. She said she was not aware that their se_x escapades were recorded. “My attention was drawn to the video in circulation by one of my friends. When I watched it, I knew that was the end of my stay in this school. “Many of my course mates already have the video, so it will be difficult for me to continue. I have brought shame to myself and my family,” she lamented. Sources say investigations into the issue of Lesbianism among the students had commenced. Source : LiveMonitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments