Many people have been disturbed when they cannot find answers or meaning to their dreams, most especially se_x dreams. Panic no more, We have all the answers as relationships expert, psychologist and author Marianne Vicelich, reveals a lot in his new book, Love Spells, which shed some light on the exciting, dangerous and downright bizarre se_x dreams you may have encountered. Se_x with an ex
If you are dreaming of having s_ex with your ex this could imply unresolved issues, you may be missing the intimacy that you previously had with that partner or you could be missing the s_exual connection.
Do you still miss them? The dream could mean wishful thoughts of reconnection. It could also mean coming to terms with the end of that chapter of your life.
The symbolism of seeing your ex in your dream could be a warning that you don’t repeat the same mistakes in an emerging new relationship. It also may represent nervousness in regard to a new relationship. Se_x with a celebrity
This is about you personifying yourself in that role. You are fulfilling your fantasy wish in your dreams and this could suggest a continuation of your thoughts and beliefs in your waking life. It represents your drive for success and acknowledgement. Your confidence is soaring in life and you believe you are worthy of much more than what your current partner can give you.
Although this could be a fictitious infatuation, it could symbolise an unfulfilled reality in your day-to-day life. It may be a safe way to release pent up or repressed se_xual desires or lack of s_exual satisfaction in your own life. Se_x with a stranger
This represents masochistic behaviour and perhaps an indication that your se_x life has become mundane and automated. The desire to be desired and the need to step out of your comfort zone and to emotionally detach from the realities of your life.
It also suggests an urge to act out your passions and emotions. Se_x with a stranger could symbolise your reinvention and emerging changes in your life. The stranger might also represent a change or new opportunity coming into your life. It also represents uncertainty about what is ahead. Cheating
Dreaming of your partner Cheat!ng on you indicates a lack of attention in real life by your partner. Since they are not paying attention to you this can trigger your greatest fear that they are Cheat!ng on you, which can manifest in the form of a dream depicting this.
Cheat!ng in a dream symbolises your fear of abandonment, self-esteem issues, or re-enactments of past Cheating partners. You may be questioning if you can trust your partner, you may be overlooking hints that your subconscious is picking up on.
To dream that you are the one having the affair indicates feelings of self-guilt and self-betrayal. An interpretation of your infidelity could suggest that your needs are not being met in your current relationship. It could also mean that you are exploring areas of your s_exuality. Se_x with a same-se_x friend
If you are heterose_xual this does not mean that you are a l_esbian, H0m0s_exual or bi-s_exual. Instead, this dream indicates the desire to be loved and that you are in the process of learning to love and accept yourself. It means that you are examining and analysing aspects of your life and wish to incorporate your dream partner attributes into yourself. You are seeking validation and self-worth. You also need to get in touch with your feminine or masculine side. Se_x with your boss
This indicates your desire for control, power and authority. You may see qualities in this person that you wish to incorporate into your life. It suggests you need to empower yourself in life and take charge of your life and career. This could also indicate the need for control in your current relationship and the need for thrill and excitement in your own love life. Se_x with your friend’s boyfriend
Commonality, attraction and friendship in real life with this person may manifest in the form of a s_exual dream. This could suggest that the qualities you see in that person are qualities you wish to incorporate into your life.
This could also mean a level of attraction between you are your friend’s boyfriend, but you are too afraid to act on it. Hence your desires are manifested in a dream. You may also feel close to this person in real life and your subconscious mind is interpreting the closeness as se_x. Source:DailyMail ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments