Se_x is the one activity we all like to think we’re experts in but will spend most of our lives still seeking confirmation of that fact. In my opinion, the foundation of a good lay is almost always confidence and knowledge is confidence – therefore consider these 15 lesser known facts a gift to your “love” life. Failing that, just enjoy reading them because who doesn’t love reading about/talking about/hearing about/having it? 1. In 2 weeks, one man can make enough spe_rm to impregnate every fertile woman on the planet 2. Wearing socks in bed can increase your chance of clim_axing. 3. Sleeping on your stomach increases the chance of having steamy dreams – so faces down, bottoms up people 4. On average, men burn more calories than women do during intercourse – so perhaps you need to switch those positions up a little?[ 5. It’s fairly well-known that asparagus is an aphrodisiac but did you know that pumpkin is too? So lets eat pumpkins people? 6. 1% of women can org_asm from breast stimulation 7. Half of all internet purchases are se_x-related 8. The term G_spot was first coined by Professor Beverly Whipple (hands up who automatically thinks of nipple), she very nearly called it the 9. Due to increased blood flow, noses engorge during intercourse 10. 50% of men aren’t happy with the size of their D, while 85% of women are satisfied with their partners size. So guys, don’t sweat it just wet it. 11. Where most women experience some kind of colour change in their lady bits during pregnancy, for some, that change is permanent 12. Spe_rm can live on in a woman’s body for up to 9 days – little. 13. The female clit_oris is twice as sensitive as the pe_nis, with 8,000 nerve fibres compared to a guys. 14. Both men and women have difficulty peeing after and this is due to an anti-diuretic chemical the body releases during So there you have it, take this knowledge forward with you into the bedroom and enjoy it. You can thank me later. Something else you probably didn’t know is that smarter people stay up later, get laid more often and take more drugs; don’t blame it on me, blame it on science. Source:Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments