The marriage saga of the founder of Christ Embassy, Chris Oyakhilome and wife Anita, was a talk of the town for a while. Anita was the one who pressed for a divorce on an alleged basis of adultery.
Chris has often denied the allegation which he claims to be false, but after the final process of the divorce really seems to have dawn on him. He has been making headlines as he has kept on shading his ex-wife stylishly with some words. Just when we thought we have heard enough, the preacher has recently shaded his wife whom he labeled immature. He said: “I understand that some media houses particularly in Nigeria, and may be in South Africa have been writing some real stupid things with frivolous charges. That’s crazy. I wasn’t accused of those things you said, nor did I commit those stupid things that you said. He said “I’m not a preacher, I’m a man of God. When it comes to Rev Anita, pray for her. If you are married to a man of God, it doesn’t make you automatically mature, you can make mistakes. Christians should not have a divorce, it shouldn’t be. But that doesn’t mean a Christian should not take this step, they may, but that doesn’t make it right, and we shouldn’t take one another to court. But when it happens, we are not the one going there, someone is taking us there. That’s the problem.” Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments