There was free drama at Metro FM radio station when the ‘short tempered’ Dj Black Coffee lost his marbles yet again and ended up knocking out Cassper Nyovest’s two front teeth. Metro Fm had intended to give more exposure to the talented artists through the interview which was aimed to inspire upcoming artists. Insiders from Metro Fm told our reporters that just before the interview, Cassper Nyovest had jokingly remarked to Black Coffee that his name “Black Coffee” really suited him since his face was really as black as coffee, a jibe which deeply incensed Coffee! So furious was Black Coffee that he grabbed Cassper by his pony tail and gave him a thorough beating. Hot klaps and blows rained all over Cassper in rapid succession and by the time security intervened two of his front teeth were gone. “I was only joking, I don’t know why he did that to me, I never knew he would take that as an insult, we’ve been joking for long, because of these injuries, I’m more likely to postpone #Fill Up Orlando Stadium, ” lamented Cassper with a bloodied mouth while trying to locate his two fallen teeth He added that he is considering pressing charges. This shocking incident comes barely a week after Black Coffee slapped AKA’s manager in front of thousands of South Africans. Efforts to get a comment from Black Coffee were fruitless since he left the studios soon after the beating and went on to ignore phone calls. Source : Live Monitor  ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments