In this digital era, apps such as Whatsapp and Messenger have become the normal way of communicating for most people.
If you’re like me, then you prefer to have a chat with someone who has great texting etiquette. Here are things we all hate when it comes to texting: 1. Slow texters When you text someone, it’s because you need a response in 5-10 minutes otherwise you could have used a raven like they do in Game of Thrones to pass on the damn message…it’s definitely understandable if someone is busy but tell you what, do not hit up someone with a text if you’re busy. Do so when you actually have time to talk… 2. Typos Gosh! There’s a reason why there’s spell check. “Hae” really? You really couldn’t just type “Hi?” Smh! 3. One word replies Why even bother sending someone a text if you’re going to do those annoying one word replies?
Person 1: How’re you?
Person 2: Good
person 1: So, what are you up to?
Person 2: Chilling 4. Boring texters You know those people who hit you up with a “what’s up” message and you think they wanna chat but they’re just passing on their negative boring energy to you? Yo if you’re going to chat with me, make it fun! Ask me what I think about the killings of Harambee the Gorilla or Mohawk the lion, let’s talk about Rihanna & Drake or Isis or what I think about Lupita’s new boyfriend or what I like to do for fun. Don’t hit me up with “what’s up”…keep your boredom to yourself please. 5. Ghosting These are probably the worst. You’re busy texting then they suddenly disappear and reappear 2 days later and expect the conversation to flow seamlessly from where they left off. No man, that ship sailed. Bye! 6. The people who reply one question when you asked 2 When someone texts me a paragraph that has two or more questions, I reply every question that was asked. But there’s this special species of ninjas who reply only one question and leave the other one hanging, it’s like they have selective sight. They only see what they want to see. 7. Emoji overload Emojis are great. Throw in an emoji here and there but don’t overuse them!!! Not everyone understands emoji lingo and speaking of lingo, this also applies to people who use too many acronyms; LQTM, G2G, BRB…please people, we are on earth! Not the planet of extraterrestrials. 8. Posting screenshots of messages online We are all guilty of sending a screenshot to a best friend or close friend and that’s okay…my problem is with those that post private messages online for the entire world to see. That’s not cool! There are other ways to get your 5 minutes of fame! 9. The “send me a pic” lot
You’re chatting and all and it’s all going smoothly then out of nowhere, you get an unsolicited di*k pic accompanied by “it’s your turn”. Yikes! Not today satan. Those ones go into the blocked list with immediate effect! Source-Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments