A man who is currently facing stock theft charges has confessed that the cow he slaughtered some time ago has been haunting him at night. According to Daily Sun SA, the suspect, one of five men arrested, he has been struggling to sleep because at night he hears a cow mooing at the Tarlton Police Station in Mogale City, South Africa. “I regret helping my friends steal the cow on Thursday. I was the one who killed it with an axe. All the noises the cow was making on the day we killed it haunt me in my sleep,” said the man. He said the cow’s head also visits him in his dreams. “I will go and ask forgiveness from the owner of the cow. I have been punished for my sins.” Constable Lucky Matome confirmed that five men, aged between 22 and 31, were arrested for stock theft. They were allegedly found in possession of a slaughtered cow loaded in a double-cab bakkie. The suspects were spotted at Waterval plots in Tarlton by our sector vehicle. Officers called for backup and the vehicle was followed to the Randfontein CBD and pulled over. “The officers discovered pieces of a chopped up cow. None of the suspects wanted to associate themselves with it,” said Matome. He said after investigation, one of the suspects provided information that led them to an open field near Hillside, where they found more parts. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments