So many men out there don’t really know what women really want. So many men are concerned about things that don’t matter in the bedroom while neglecting those that really matter. Before you crown yourself king of the bedroom, find out if you are making any of these mistakes in the bedroom. Below are 6 se_x mistakes men make 1. LASTING LONGER THAN NECESSARY No woman wants a one-minute man but that is no reason to last longer than necessary on bed. It’s cool to know you can last for eternity on bed but you need to find out if your woman really wants that. You should understand that no matter how good you are in bed, if you last longer than necessary, most women will get tired of the se_x and it would stop being pleasurable. 2. BEING SILENT DURING SE_X If you just remain silent during se_x with your partner, you really need to up your game. Women hate it when their man just remains silent during se_x as it makes them feel they aren’t really satisfying him. Common bro, stop being creepy by being silent. 3. CHANGING POSITIONS EVERY MINUTE This is what happens when you watch lots of videos. Women hate it when men constantly change positions during se_x. When a woman is nearing her peak, changing position kills it. 4. ROUGH FINGERS No woman wants her man to insert sharp and rough nails inside her, it’s gross and could also be painful too. If you can’t take good care of your nails, please avoid using your fingers during se_x so you don’t injure her. 5. USING SALIVA AS A LUBR_ICANT Men got this stupid act from watching those crazy videos they watch. Using saliva as a lubri_cant is gross and embarrassing, please stop it as women don’t really like that. 6. EXPLORING WITH ALL HIS FINGERS Women hate it when men insert so many fingers inside of them. We kind of wonder what the men are looking for inside us when they do this. Inserting all your fingers doesn’t excite us. All that is needed down there is a deliberate, sustained pressure and this can be achieved using one or two fingers.  ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments