DJ Black Coffee is being treated for minor injuries after he got jumped outside his home this afternoon by goons suspected to be from AKA’s camp. According to his female neighbor who witnessed the high drama first hand, Black Coffee was attacked and stomped on for a few minutes by three men who jumped out of a black BMW 3 series wearing balaclavas. “The assailants did not ask any questions, they just charged towards him aggressively and one of them hit him on the chest with a ‘Batista like spear’, he tumbled to the ground and they stomped him very hard but just for a moment” The eyewitness added that although the three goons seemed to have had the upper hand for a minute, Black Coffee launched a sprightly superhero ‘kickup’ martial art move and got back on his feet. The attackers continued throwing blows but the tables turned very quickly and Black Coffee was now the one delivering hot klaps with his now famous powerful right hand. Black Coffee reportedly bliksemed the three okes so bad they took cover in their car and took off. “I think he hit the driver on the eyes and he became blind or something because the car crashed into a brick wall nearby as they sped off!”
Rumours are that Black Coffee has a brown belt in self defence martial art, Karate but Coffee refused to comment on that saying he got his strength from God during the attack. “I only have two STITCHES but I am sure they all are deaf now, their ears will definitely be ringing from the hot Klaps I delivered.” AKA’s camp could not be reached for a comment at the time of writing.
! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments