A Gauteng Pastor ‘s son committed suicide in the early hours of today after a video of himself ma_sturbating for his sugar mama leaked on social media. The deceased Surban,was the son of a ZCC preacher Jason Ngubane of the Polokwane branch. In the 5 minute video Surban is heard shouting obscenities and how he was going to punish his sugar mama when they met and how she would have to pay him extra for his excellent service. Unbeknowst to him he was sending the video to a prankster who took no time and shared the video online. Surban’s friend who spoke on condition of anonymity had this to say: “Surban loved older women and last week he came and told me about a woman he had met online who wanted to have se_x with him and buy him an iphone 7.I advised him against it and how as a son of a Pastor,he should lead by example. “However he did not heed my advice,and went on to send pictures of himself to the lady not knowing he had become a victim of a prank.The pictures leaked yesterday and were the talk of the church. “His father fainted after being shown the video on Facebook by his secretary.” He added: “Surban was not seen or heard from until we received the sad news today that he had decided to take his own life by hanging himself.” Pastor Jason immediately cut off our call when we wanted to get a comment on the tragic death of his son. Source-Live Monitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments