A preliminary autopsy report done by an coroner at the Fourways life hospital has revealed that gospel legend, Sfiso Ncwane had poison in his kidneys. The revelations explains why the star had been vomiting blood prior to his admission and untimely death. The leaked report, which a LiveMonitor reporter saw, reads “Legal examination determined the time of death, presumably at 9.30 AM, approximately 10 h after ingestion of the suspected meal. Microscopic findings were as follows: moderate centrolobular liver necrosis without inflammatory signs and discrete biliary stasis, significant vascular congestion of the lungs, probably due to acute cardiac insufficiency, significant necrosis from all layers of colon mucosa and submucosa alternating with better-preserved zones, and mixed intestinal flora but no evidence of invasive bacterial lesions. Significant lysis of the adrenal glands was also reported. ” As friends‚ fans and colleagues struggle to accept the news‚ his family have released a statement detailing his last moments. “He unfortunately took his last breath at 9.30 am on Monday morning in the presence and arms of his loving wife Ayanda Ncwane‚” read part of the statement. The statement went on to add that funeral and memorial details will be announced in due course. More details to be released as and when they become available Source : LiveMonitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 3 comments