Following gospel legend Sfiso Ncwane’s funeral on Saturday, people have taken to social media to express their doubt over the sign language interpreter who was hired at the event. The funeral saw thousands of fans and celebrities converge at the Moses Mabhida Stadium to pay their last respects to the late Kulungile Baba hitmaker. One of his long-time friends, actor Menzi Ngubane, was given the podium and gave an emotional speech that left everyone in tears. Among other things, he said he was on set shooting Isibaya when Mzwakhe Mbuli called to tell him about Ncwane’s death. An interpretation of the phrase “shooting” left many wondering if the signs were real. Some of the signs by the interpreter left viewers wondering if she was another Thamsanqa Jantjie. The interpreter made a sign that looked more like a person pointing a gun at someone, suggesting a very different kind of shooting. See the pictures below:  Another speaker took to the podium, and the interpreter’s signs looked yet again questionable. Watch the video posted on Facebook by Molefi Mason Marumo below:  This is not the first sign language interpreter whose signing has stumped viewers. Thamsanqa Jantjie left viewers wondering if he was a fake interpreter after rendering his services at former president Nelson Mandela’s memorial service in December 2014. His signing skills became the talk of the country as media houses called in other sign language interpreters to verify his signs. His video was featured on The Jimmy Kimmel Live show, with a sign language interpreter called in to explain the signs as the video was played. “I support basic salutations, here salutations. Inside joining in this week’s cigarette inside to prove and on and on and to support I would please to say from me to you. Talking to you so far,” is what Jantjie claimed the speaker said. When deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa took to the podium, this is what Jantjie told the hearing impaired Ramaphosa said: “Hello, welcome so far. Well, cigarette join bringing in different to you. And I would like to pray this offering, basically this is fun, all of these balls to prove this is good. I’m sorry.” The interpreter said Jantjie did not have a clue what he was saying. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments