“My name is Owethu. I am from Soweto , South Africa  but I reside in Malaysia. Only last year, I returned to South Africa on completion of my studies. For a lot of reasons, I may want to hide some other details for fear of been humiliated by my folks. All I desire are kind and encouraging words to get out of this thing I have come to realise is a huge mess. I have been living in shambles and mystery and decided to speak out before I get consumed. I am 29 years old and I have never had s_ex with any man, except my dogs. Growing up, we had dogs as guards or say pets. As an only child, I got what I wanted. On this fateful day, specifically January 12th, I asked my father for one of the dogs to live in my room. He granted my wish as a birthday present to me. This was where my ordeal started. I would bath with the dog, eat with it and all. On this particular day, I played with the dog and I got tickled and turned on. In the process, one thing led to another and I had an ‘insertion’ with the dog. For 15 years, I have slept with over 10 dogs. I have lived my life sleeping with any cute dog I came across. All I need do is either buy it or cajole it to a corner and have se_.x. I am a full grown adult and I still can’t kill the urge. Whatever you can imagine doing with a man in bed as a lady, I do with my dogs. As much as I love dogs, I detest men. I get every satisfaction from my dogs. The more effort I put in trying to stop sleeping with dogs, the more urge I have to have se.x with them. I’m the only one who knows this and the burden is too heavy for me. It’s far more than I can swallow. Am I alright? Is it out of the ordinary? How can I talk to my parents about this? Can this confession even help me when I keep battling with myself over this matter? What do I do please? I need help!” Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 10 comments