These are proven ways of winning the hearts of a woman in a cost-effective way rather than plunging oneself into huge debts for romance. Contrary to the belief that a fortune has to be spent before a man could get a lady into his bed, there are some tips that would help the man arrive at the same destination without taking the money route. To start with, every woman has a soft spot; perhaps a magic button that casts a s*xy spell on her when pushed. The right attitude most times clears the path and makes things easier.
Find below some tips that could get a woman into your bed without necessarily spending much: 1. Mannerism
Women love it when men act courteously towards them. Men who exhibit simple gentlemanly behaviors find it easy to make butterflies flurry in these women’s stomachs or send them into frenzy. 2. The Right Words
Ever wondered why many people (especially women) listen to old blues and lyrics of artistes like Phil Collins, Tracy Chapman and others? It’s simply because their words convey emotions with deep roots. Words have a way of getting to people, they cause you to think deeply or awaken a sensation within you 3. Being Romantic
After getting a woman to like you and the friendship kicks off, another thing that makes the bedroom journey quicker is being a romantic. Most women love it when men are all over them. 4. Set The Mood
Most women still enjoy being pampered by men. A simple dinner with soft music, exotic dish, wine and flowers would make a beautiful scene. Naturally, some women would be on the defensive considering the set-up but having a light or non-personal conversation would ease up the tension. 5. Know What Works For A Woman
Some women are touchy; they get turned on by touches and caresses. In this situation, your hands would take charge and do the magic for you. While playing, you may discover the sensitive spots on her body and that becomes her weakness. 6. Patience
These days, almost every girl is conscious of being used and dumped. Women are quick to assume that men basically want to sleep with them and go. Having this at the back of their minds may make your charms seem ineffective. 7. Make Her Friends Your Friends
Another awesome way of getting to a woman is by making her friends your friends; be nice to them. Remember they chit-chat about almost everything and they have heard about you from the very first moment you both met. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments