Studies have been done to find out how possible it is to extend the duration of the female or_gasm from between 6 to 30 seconds to a full minute. 1. Imagine your bedroom as an hotel room
The reason for this is that you need the place to be a complete relaxation place, a place where you can lay back and relax. If you’ve got kids, it needs to be a place where the kids cannot disturb and try as much as possible to make it romantic. The atmosphere has to make good that you can focus your mind on the pleasure you’re about to have. 2. Sweet words galore
How you and your spouse feel goes a long to make the one full minute org_asm a reality, if you feel good about yourself, the s_ex will definitely feel good. If you feel self-conscious, it will sap you s_ex drive faster than one of the five worst s_ex positions. Insecurity distracts you and inhibits your pleasure, says Nagoski.
Compliment her as much as you can, make her feel hot, make her feel wanted. 3. Dirty Talk is crucial
This is one way to get the best out of your partner in bed, Find out what your partner likes to hear, and what words turn them in and use those to stimulate those parts of her in ways she hasn’t imagined. 4. Don’t rush foreplay
Foreplay can get a lady closer to o_rgasm than you. Being brought to the brink of o_rgasm repeatedly will cause your arousal to spread throughout your whole body—resulting in a bigger, longer climax when you finally peak, says Nagoski. If she likes oral s_ex, then you need to learn how to do that, also take cues from her and how best to pleasure her senses using your mouth and perhaps your fingers too. Most importantly, take your instructions from her. 5. Be prepared
Planning is vital to this plan, it’s not just to start it. Working multiple s_ex acts into one session can help prolong your or_gasm because the variation creates more tension and arousal, says Van Kirk. Cover your basis for foreplay and s_ex itself. 6. Let him back off a little
When some women are on the brink of or_gasm, their clitorises become very sensitive. If that’s the case, asking him to stimulate you more gently may help you maintain your climax for longer, says Van Kirk. Try these and you will never regret.Feel free to add more in the comments section. ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments