MADALA Sello Manzini (60) has gone for the last 20 years without a poke and he’s tired of it. Sello, from Jerusalem squatter camp in Roodepoort, Joburg said his days are numbered. “My wish is to have one last poke before I leave this world.” He said he thinks he was bewitched when he was 40 years old and living in Germiston, Ekurhuleni. “I had a girlfriend and I thought we would get married. I had a good job and everything was fine.” But his girlfriend fell ill and died in November 1996. “We had planned to get married in December that same year. I mourned her death for some time. Years later I started looking for a partner but I never found one.” He said he moved to Orange Farm, south of Joburg and found a girlfriend. “We never had s_ex but things were looking good. But one day he came home to find he had been thrown out of his shack. “I left Orange Farm and lost contact with my girlfriend.” He moved to Mofolo, Soweto where after five years, he again met a woman, but she was run over and died. “We were still getting to know each other. We never had s_ex.” He moved to a run-down house in Snake Park, Soweto and fixed the house but he was evicted there as well. “I had met a woman and things were promising but I had to move.” He said he is in Jerusalem now, but he thinks he might die before he gets a woman. Sangoma Jabulani Mthimkhulu said the madala should have held a cleansing ceremony after his first girlfriend died.“It seems like her spirit is following him and is very jealous. He won’t have any woman in his life unless he does a cleansing.” Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments