HE ALLEGEDLY found out that his girlfriend was cheating on him . . . In a fit of rage, the 31-year-old man went to his girlfriend’s workplace where she is a security guard. He allegedly confronted the 29-year-old woman, then pulled out a gun and shot her five times. She miraculously survived and is currently fighting for her life in hospital. The shocking incident happened in the KwaDukuza CBD in the early hours of Tuesday morning. The suspect apparently handed himself over to cops after the incident. KZN cops spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed the incident. “KwaDukuza police arrested the suspect after he handed himself over at the police station. He also handed in the handgun he allegedly used. The suspect allegedly shot the victim at her place of work at Ultimate Security in the central business district of KwaDukuza on Tuesday at about 6.30am.” Gwala added: “The suspect who is the victim’s boyfriend alleges that the victim was having an affair. He claimed she also took his money. The victim sustained five gunshot wounds to the forehead, neck, shoulder, right finger and left wrist.” Gwala said an attempted murder case was opened at KwaDukuza cop shop for further investigation while the suspect remained in custody. “The recovered firearm will be sent for ballistic tests to establish if it was used in the commission of the offence. The arrested suspect will appear in the KwaDukuza Magistrates Court soon.” Source : DailySun ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments