Sometimes, people can end up infected with se_xually Transmitted Diseases without even knowing it. These are certain signs you need to watch out for. While you may think it would be easy to tell if you have contracted something dodgy downstairs, some of the signs of an STI are slightly harder to spot.  Here’s what to look out for: 1. Lumps and bumps Any lumps, bumps or sores surrounding your nether-regions may be bad news. While often any lumpy areas may be completely harmless, caused by heat or by an ingrown hair, it is important to know when to check any problem areas out.  2. Pain Listen to your body – if you ever feel a consistent pain in your tummy it is important not to ignore it. Abdominal pain (or even testicles pain for men) that is continuous can indicate gonorrhoea, chlamydia and trichomoniasis. Pain felt during se_x should also not be ignored – go to your doctor to get diagnosed as soon as you can. 3. Changes in urination Burning or feeling pain when you wee can be a symptom of several STDs, including herpes, chlamydia, gonorrhoea and trichomoniasis – as well as urinary tract infections, bladder infections, or kidney stones.  4. Discharge While discharge is perfectly natural for women, it has the potential to be serious. It all comes down to colour. If your discharge looks a green or yellow hue this it may be down to gonorrhoea. Any thick, white, or smelly discharge is also to be looked out for – and if it keeps happening should warrant a trip to the doctors.  5. Itching While some itchy red patches can be harmless and may be down to eczema or a heat rash, any rashes or itching around your groin area is worth getting checked. 6. Bleeding irregularly This is a symptom more common in women than men is one of the big ones not to be swept under the rug.  Also, if you’re persistently bleeding after se_x you should get yourself checked. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments