An 8-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of a 1-year-old girl who was left at a home without adult supervision while their mothers went clubbing last month, according to Birmingham police. Police said some point that night, the 8-year-old boy “viciously attacked” the 1-year-old little girl because she wouldn’t stop crying. She ultimately died from severe head trauma and major internal organ damage. Police say Katerra Lewis, 26, left her 1-year-old daughter Kelci Lewis alone at the home, along with at least five other children ranging from 2 to 8 years old, to go clubbing with her friend, the homeowner and mother of the other children. “The sad part is you had an adult mother here who had the audacity to leave her 1-year-old in the custody of several other children at the house and none of those kids were over the age of 8…and so decided to go out to the club for that night, leave those kids there alone and unfortunately an 8-year-old was extremely agitated, it appeared, and really attacked the child,” Birmingham Police Lt. Sean Edwards said in a news conference on Tuesday. Katerra Lewis has been charged with manslaughter in the case, which her attorney questions. “The manslaughter statute deals with someone’s action, as far as, acting in the heat of passion or acting in a reckless manner, not a person allowing some other person to act in a dangerous manner,” said attorney Emory Anthony. Lewis turned herself in on Monday night, posted a $15,000 bond and has been released from the Jefferson County Jail. “I think they are trying to allege that she was reckless or negligent in some particular way, and we’ll have to deal with that.  Of course my client has a different story about what transpired,” said Anthony. Edwards said Katerra Lewis stays at the home in the 7100 block of 2nd Avenue South with her friend, who is the mother of the 8-year-old boy charged with murder and the four other children who were left at the home. He said Lewis and her friend left their kids alone around 11 p.m. on Saturday to go to the club, according to police. The mothers got home around 2 a.m. on Sunday,  but did not check on their children, Edwards said in a news conference on Tuesday. Police weren’t called until 10:30 a.m. and at that point, it was too late for little Kelci. Police say when Katerra Lewis got up the next morning, she found her 1-year-old daughter unresponsive in her crib where the 8-year-old placed her after killing her. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments