Editor’s note: A woman’s orga_sm seems like a difficult subject to grasp. Not only is it confusing for men, even some women have a tough time cracking the O-word. We hereby explore some of the myths and urban legends around the taboo topic that add to existing misconceptions. Myth 1: Intercourse is the key to a woman coming Only one-third of women can orga_sm through interc_ourse alone. Not really. In fact, some studies suggest that only one-third of women can orga_sm through interc_ourse alone. Most other women need manual or or_al stimulation to reach cli_max. If you’re trying to figure out what works for your partner, communicate with her. Try out different positions and different ways of making love – take your time to know what works best. Myth 2: She’s “frigid” if she does not cli_max A woman’s orga_sm seems like a difficult subject to grasp. Not only is it confusing for men, even some women have a tough time cracking the O-word. There could be different medical or psychological reasons behind a woman not being able to reach an org_asm. Scientists and doctors call this condition ‘anorga_smia’. If a woman has difficulty coming or simply does not come, it does not mean she is ‘frigid’, or cold towards you. Myth 3: It is the partner’s fault if she cannot orga_sm There might be varied reasons for a woman not being able to reach an orga_sm – a position that does not work, an unmatched rhythm during se_x, insufficient foreplay, or even anorga_smia. But none of these should point the blame towards the partner. Her pleasure is also her responsibility – a woman needs to communicate clearly what she likes and dislikes so her partner can cooperate. Myth 4: No orga_sm = Bad se_x A woman’s pleasure is also her responsibility – a woman needs to communicate clearly what she likes and dislikes. As strange as it might sound, women also enjoy se_x that does not always end in an orga_sm. For a lot of women, being intimate with their partners and exploring each other’s pleasure areas alone can be very satisfying. Myth 5: Orga_sms are like in the movies Female orga_sms are not easy. Not as easy as po_rn and Hollywood flicks make them appear. Neither do all women have the most earth-shattering experience when they come. Some women have waves of less intense clim_axes, for example. So, do not believe actors when it comes to finding out the truth about female org_asms. Myth 6: Only women fake orga_sms There is an African love-making technique called Kunyaza that is supposed to ensure squirting orga_sms for women. Image: Courtesy You are wrong. Men fake orga_sms too! That’s right. A quarter of the men surveyed for a recent study at the University of Kansas revealed that they had faked orga_sms too. Myth 7: Women do not eja_culate Oh yes, women can eja_culate too! They might ejacu_late white, milky fluid that looks a bit like se_men, or gush out floods of a clearer fluid. Some women get these squirting orga_sms from intense penetration – it is associated with stimulation of the Gs_pot, a sensitive area on the front wall of the vag_ina. And there is also an African love-making technique called Kunyaza that is supposed to ensure squi_rting orga_sms for women. Have you heard a rumor about se_x and wonder if it’s true? Let us know and we’ll nail the facts or bust the myths! Source:LoveMatters ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments