Cassper Nyovest was rushed to hospital last night after attempting to kill himself following news that only 900 tickets were bought to his much anticipated show, #FillUpOrlandoStadium With his hotly anticipated #FillUpOrlandoStadium concert around the corner‚ Cassper Nyovest has revealed that the concert has flopped even before it started. This after statistics reveal only 900 tickets were purchased out of a possible 40 000. This means Cassper has to miraculously sell over 39 000 tickets in one week. The news has hit Cassper so hard he took an overdose of pills and attempted to end his life because he fears the humiliation. Cassper had t be rushed to hospital last evening following the suicide scare. Speaking from his hospital bad, adejected Cassper Nyovest  said he saw himslef as a failure and would be the laughing stock of the rap industry for years to come. Speaking to LiveMonitor yesterday, Cassper said it was better to kill himself than to sing for 900 people. “I am now thinking of ending my life man or just do the event free because it has always been my dream to since my rap career started blossoming to actually fill up Orlando” Cassper said. He stressed that revellers would not have been charged to see their favourite artist perform live had many sponsors supported the event. Cassper admitted a lack of proper campaigning cost him big time and also acknowledged he will be swimming in debt after the show. “It’s tough having to raise funds because sponsors do not believe in artists like us.” The event is to be held on the 29th of October and will be hosted by Somizi. Source : LiveMonitor Satire ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments