Here are 5 unhealthy practices that will contribute to the decline in the size and attribute of your pe_nis. Here are five main things that causes your pen_is to be smaller. 1. Lack of usage To keep your pe_nis in shape, it is important to exercise it. This means making sure you have an ere_ction on a daily basis. Thankfully, biology has your back as most men get an ere_ctions at some time between night and morning. The more often you get ere_ct, the less likely you will be to lose pen_is length. 2. Over-mas_turbation Mastu_rbating on a regular basis is accepted and healthy, but too much of this can cause your p_enis to wither in size. This is due to the fact that during ejacu_lation, the body discharges testo_sterone to counter the org_asm experience. If this happens too often, the body will be unable to restock testo_sterone, causing your pen_is to suffer. 3. Over indulgence in alcohol Consuming too much alcohol is not only bad for your liver but for your pe_nis’s health. A man’s ability to get an ere_ction is hindered by drinking high doses of alcohol. The lack of fluids associated with drinking causes less blood volume and a rise in ang_iotensin – the hormone associated with er_ectile dysfunction. 4. Smoking It is a known fact that smoking cigarettes contributes to the development of atherosclerosis, or the buildup of plaque inside the arteries. Cigarettes clog the heart’s arteries, including those that fill the pe_nis with blood during ere_ctions. The toxic chemicals in cigarette smoke can damage blood vessels that may lead to er_ectile dysfunction which can also damage the pe_nile tissues. 5. Too much unhealthy foods Eating too much unhealthy foods like fast-food, combined with being overweight has played the biggest role on pe_nis size. Stock yourself with healthy food to prevent obesity as increase in weight and waist-line can cause your pen_is to shrink. ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments