ZAMALEK SUPPORTERS are known for bad behaviour and gamesmanship. But this week they took it to another level.
MAMELODI SUNDOWNS PLAYERS HAVE BEEN RECEIVING DEATH THREATS ON SOCIAL MEDIA.
The death threats were confirmed yesterday by Sundowns head coach Pitso Mosimane and star midfielder Teko Modise before the squad jetted out of OR Tambo Airport last night ahead of the second leg of the final scheduled for the Borg el-Arab Stadium, Alexandria in Egypt, on Sunday at 8pm. The threat on social media read: “You have two choices, death or lose . . . in Cairo you have no other choices.”
“Yes, all the players received death threats from Zamalek supporters this week,” said Mosimane. “They posted them on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook.” But Mamelodi Sundowns players have laughed off death threats from the hot-headed Zamalek supporters.
“The way the players were laughing about them at training today shows me the players are not too worried,” said Mosimane. We simply need to focus on winning the trophy.” Mosimane said he expected Zamalek fans to try and unsettle the Mzansi champions. “We’ve been there before and we know what to expect,” said Mosimane. “It will be hostile for sure and they will be shining lasers in my players’ faces. But we can handle the pressure. So let’s go for it.” Sundowns stunned Zamalek, the five-time African champions, with a 3-0 win in the first leg of their Caf Champions League final played at a packed Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville last Saturday. Mosimane’s side have beaten Zamalek three times in the competition, winning 2-1 in Egypt and 1-0 at their Atteridgeville stronghold during the group stages of the competition. Mosimane said they have studied Zamalek and their fans: “We’ve done our video analysis. We’ve also looked at the sort of pressure the referee can expect from the crowd and Zamalek players. I’m not saying for a moment there will be any cheating, but we are simply doing our homework and leaving nothing to chance.” Downs skipper Hlompho Kekana said they are not going to be intimidated by the crowd. “We know they will try and upset us and attempt to throw us off our game. We are ready. I’ve played in Egypt before with Bafana Bafana and know all about the crowd and their lasers. We’ve beaten them in Egypt recently and the 3-0 win last weekend is a massive boost. We simply want to focus on our game. It’s 11 versus 11 on the pitch.” Sundowns media officer Thulani Thuswa said he hoped that the threats would be dealt with by officials in that country. Source : DailySun ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments