Eureka! We found the origin of the pensive looking African boy meme. If you have been searching and wondering about the origin of the famous meme of a young African boy seated at a desk, with a pensive look on his face, frantically writing on a piece of paper, your search is finally over. The boy’s name is Jake. The picture is currently amongst one of the continent’s most famous and widely shared memes and it was taken by Ghanaian artist, Solomon Adufah. An iconic picture depicting a young African boy seated at a desk, with a pensive look on his face, frantically writing on a piece of paper  is currently amongst one of Africa if not the world’s most famous and widely shared memes right now.  Social media users across Africa have been asking about the origins of this iconic image, the identity of the boy and context within which the image was taken. The picture of the chubby looking boy, has “given life” to many social media users and the image continues to set tongues wagging on the Internet. The picture has been edited and widely shared on various social media platforms. The image of the 4 year-old boy, named Jake Amo who is pictured engrossed in his writing was shared by Ghanaian artist, Solomon Adufah. Jake is from the village of Asempanaye, Koforidua, in Ghana and the picture was taken by Carlos Cortes, an award winning photographer. Adufah shared the picture on Instagram in January as part of the artist’s ‘homeland series’ where he travels to various communities in Ghana, and other African countries to help underprivileged children in local communities, providing them with resources and teaching creative studies workshops. The pictures featuring Jack have been widely shared and liked on Cortes and Adufah’s Instagram accounts. Presenting Jake, Adufar wrote: “Everyone Say Hi to my buddy Jake. This was moments in Ghana during my Art workshop. with the kids. Each kid received brand new set of crayons, pencil colors, pencils, toys and other wonderful goodies. The expressions on their faces were heartfelt. I appreciate you all for making this possible for the children and support my cause”. On Jake’s picture, the one which has gone viral Adufar wrote: “I’ve experienced first hand the impact just the little act of kindness can make in the lives of the less privileged. The amount of joy and happiness they have in their heart despite their living conditions speaks volume about their inner beauty”. “Jake was one of the children I taught in Ghana. He was always gentle and quiet.. Ever present in class and was eager to learn everyday. That’s what I loved about all the children. Their enthusiasm and high spirit was refreshing and encouraged me to continue helping them,” Adufah noted. Source-Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 1 comments