HAS AKA lost his cool, or does trouble just follow him everywhere? He refused to perform at Polokwane after DJ Black Coffee klapped his road manager . . . BUT SOURCES CLAIM AKA WAS FRESH FROM A BRAWL IN ZIMBABWE! Several witnesses close to the star claimed trouble started the day before, when AKA refused to meet and greet other artists who were performing at the Shoko Festival, in Harare. According to witnesses, AKA was in his dressing room and in no mood to mingle with other stars. But artists came, asked for pics and tried to socialise. One source said: “It turned ugly when AKA’s friends pushed an artist out of the dressing room. “And then there was a heated argument – and they started beating each other. “Even DJ Fanatic got involved in the scuffle.” According to another source, AKA and his crew pushed somebody who was trying to snap a picture of him. “AKA has issues with people who try to take pictures, because they said they were going to put Bonang on their Snapchat. “And AKA simply doesn’t like that,” the showbiz mole alleged. But Harare event organiser, known as Munya, said there was no report of any incident involving AKA at Shoko Festival. A second insider told the People’s Paper: “AKA is surrounded by fans, not friends! “What kind of friends don’t tell you when you f*ck up – and instead just fuel the situation? “Friends should be telling you the truth, not what you want to hear!” A third source made claims of misbehaviour in another city: “At the Stay Fresh Party in Cape Town, AKA’s entourage caused trouble everywhere. “That guy should watch his brand – unless he wants to be known as a bad boy!” AKA refused to comment on the incident, saying he’s got nothing to say. Bonang and DJ Fanatic were not available for comment. Source-Daily Sun ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments