A man has suffered a major embarrassment of his life after his pe_nis got stuck in his own wedding ring and he had to subject himself to scrutiny to remove it. This is the unbelievable moment doctors battled to remove a ring from a man’s p*nis after the organ got stuck in it. The humiliated man had to have his wedding ring prised from his pe_nis after putting it on as a show of devotion and love to his wife. According to The Sun UK, the red-faced man was subjected to a cringe-worthy procedure by doctors and firefighters. He had earlier explained to baffled medics how his wife had begged him to wear the tiny ring as a show of devotion to her. However, the stunt backfired when the wedding band became stuck on his member. After two days in agony, the Chinese man finally relented and visited a hospital to have it removed. In a video making the rounds on the internet, doctors can be seen trying all manner of methods to remove the ring. One attempts to lever it off with a pulley system. But eventually it is tugged off with brute force and a splash of washing up liquid. All the while the patient sits covering his face with his hands, hiding his shame. Later, docs passed him a bag of ice to ease his pain. The footage was later uploaded to Chinese social media side Weibo where it has been viewed thousands of times. One user quipped: “The most embarrassing here is that firstly he managed to put it on his pe_nis.” Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments