Your vagi_na taste has a lot to do with what you eat. Of course, you need to stay hygienic to have a good va_ginal flavor, but beyond that there are a few specific foods you can eat to make sure your vag_ina tastes fresh and mild. Improve your va_gina taste with pineapple juice Men and women both consume pineapple juice in order to improve the taste and odor of their secr_etions. A glass or two a day should do the trick. Pineapple juice works because its flavor and scent are strong enough to linger even after drinking it. Some women drink cranberry juice instead, which has a similarly strong flavor but also contains antioxidants to cleanse the body. Yogurt Yogurt is a great food to help your vag_ina taste, not so much because the flavor is strong, but because of how beneficial it is to vag_inal health. A healthy vag_ina will taste fresh naturally. The live cultures in yogurt can help maintain the balance of bacteria and fungi in the vag_ina, and make it difficult for yeast infections to develop. It’s an all-around good choice if you’re looking to add some vag_ina healthy foods to your diet. Apple cider vinegar This is another one that improves your vag_ina taste through good health rather than affecting the flavor. The pH of apple cider vinegar is right around what the proper pH of your vagi_na should be. Consuming apple cider vinegar, if you can stomach the taste, can help even out your vagi_nal pH if there’s a problem. When your pH is balanced, the taste of your vagi_na shouldn’t be strong or sour at all. Apple cider vinegar is best when diluted with water and honey. Drinking it without diluting isn’t the best idea as the acids can irritate your throat. Garlic Garlic supplements (the deodorized kind from health stores) are a good daily incorporation into your diet to promote good vagin_al health and taste. Like yogurt and apple cider vinegar, garlic contains natural antibacterial and antifungal properties that will keep infections at bay. A va_gina that stays free of infections will always have a better taste than ones with frequent problems. Water: The basis for good vagi_na taste People often underestimate the power of water when it comes to having a good vag_inal flavor. Staying hydrated is, first of all, a good way to keep your vag_inal discharge thin. Thin discharge means any odor is more dispersed and therefore milder. Second, drinking water flushes toxins and impurities from your body. Sometimes, these toxins and impurities can make your vagi_na taste and smell poor. Removing the toxins and staying hydrated means a fresh, nice tasting vag_ina.  ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments