The charm and precision prostitutes use to rob men are so surgical that even men of God now fall victims. Take, for instance, what happened to two supposedly overambitious pastors in Gauteng who, in their desperation to grow their church membership, got lured to preach at a brothel, only to be raped and robbed. The brethren are said to have visited the house of sin in a bid to get the women of easy virtue born again and to, perhaps, join their church. But as fate would have it, the men of God were instead seduced and lured to engage into se_x with the pr_ostitutes before their bibles and clothes were confiscated, following a verbal combat over the small matter of payment. A source familiar with the scandal told this writer that the pastors had genuine and good intentions, but the wanton display of nu_dity disoriented them, making them succumb to temptations. Let’s just say the spirit was willing to resist temptations, but the flesh was weak. Reportedly, after the men of God broke the Sixth Commandment the potent sedatives that had been used on them took a toll, rendering them unconscious. The hookers are believed to have ransacked the pastors, only to find nothing. But as if to punish them, they undressed them and confiscated their tools of trade. Dung, however, hit the fan when the pastors regained composure. They tried to curse the prostitutes, telling them that they will go to hell for forcing them to sin. In the end, Good Samaritans clothed the men of God who left the scene in a huff with nowhere to hide their faces. Source-Live Monitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments