Babes Wodumo has again dominated headlines for all the wrong reasons, this time a man who claimed to have ‘taken her vir_ginity’ decided to break his silence. Babes woke up on Sunday to find her name on billboards, after a man told Sunday Sun that he had allegedly taken her vir_ginity. Not usually one to respond to every little rumour, Babes refused to comment on the allegations to the paper. But taking to Instagram, she opened up about her pain at constantly finding her name mentioned in a negative light. Posting a picture of the article, Babes wrote: “If you are reading this, then I am asking you to please pray for me right now. I need understanding”. She denied that she knew the man in the story, and prayed that the industry would not “destroy” her. “Since I’ve started singing there are people who do not like what I am doing. This person, I do not know where they come from but only God knows. I repeat again, I pray to God this industry does not destroy us. Help me God,” she wrote. Babes has grabbed headlines for allegedly skipping church to claims of her glorifying drug use in her songs and apparently raking up a large bill at a salon. She told fans that people who are out to get her can “buy the world” to destroy her name, but she will always be a “child of God”. Source : TimesLive ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments